knocking weddings today and
do-it-yourself wedding studying wash
Lee's here from clover fields farming
kitchen to give us some ideas first of
all on a country theme a little later on
a vintage classic sophisticated thing
Great Gatsby you say you should ask
yourself three questions if you're going
to do it yourself when it comes to your
wedding and yes are you should think
about your budget definitely think about
how much time you have and who's going
to help you who are your helpers okay
are they crafty can they take direction
well do they like each other I mean do
you really want to be enclosed in a room
for two hours why you know some women
who might not be because you're going to
spend a lot of time on this now yeah
we're going country theme here and you
say even country weddings or take you to
different appropriate approaches yes yep
trends for 2013 for country our natural
country or rustic country yes so natural
country is introducing fresh greenery
using reeds and grasses we've got this
really cool looking grass right here and
I just want to point out this is fencing
that I found at Home Depot in the garden
center and I just cut it down to fill
these glass cylinders these glass
cylinders are really hot right now for
flower arrangements and they're called
enclosed arrangements so I thought well
let's just play on that and you really
just stuff the paper down in that thing
and then I put a small pot right at the
very top yes and so you can give this
away as you know as a gift as a favor so
this this would be the natural concept
the tree this is a tree dome tree stock
a wedding cake and you say this is
something people it does not require a
single pastry bag oh it that yeah hard
to do no not at all I've stacked the
cakes it's a pound cake you want a cake
that's good and sturdy and then I
covered it in white chocolate fondant
and I and I I was kind of just putting
it on the layers so that it would look
like bark and then I used a pastry brush
to paint white chocolate on the cake so
that's crazy sorry that gives you some
texture rip yeah yes
and then I sprinkled it with sugar
that's it that's it and you've got a tip
on a cake there okay now another twist
on country is a more rustic or country
which is what we have over here
succulents are real
popular this year as guest favors so you
have baskets of succulents and guests
can take whichever one that they like
and these are the succulents I went to
three Springs garden greenhouse actually
three Springs farm in e-town and the
late the owners daughters getting
married next year so we had the best
conversation about flowers and so forth
they're willing to work on colors if you
give them enough time there comes that
time thing again
so you can work on colors you can work
on specific plants that you want it's
really interesting now one of the things
we're working on here is a milk bar the
bar concept where there's no carryover
bar whatever it is it's still very
popular so you're suggesting that you
give your guests and whatever little
container you want to use whether that's
a ball jar or a little plastic container
milk exactly and then they can put their
favorite or you get your favorite milk
associated cookies Oreos brownies
strawberries different types of syrups
that sort of things so they can flavor
their milk now I thought this was really
interesting it kind of gets back to how
much time you have I collected these in
a week's time I collected these vintage
some of these are a hundred years old
finally I've seen this yes you can find
it at flea markets yes absolutely I
found these in Jefferson County
but if you're nervous about you know
guests walking around with glass
containers these are plastic milk
containers and these are plastic mason
jars with that really cool Daisy lid
that's so popular right now so if the
kids get ahold of this you don't have to
worry about them you know hurting them
snap before we run out of time you're
going to show me how to decorate brownie
so yeah take them up a notch but yes
have I'll use a cookie okay so what you
do is okay look at your tip you've got a
fat end and you've got a skinny end on
tip and you just want to put your tip
straight up and down and you make a base
and just really go up and down up and
down so you make a really fat and then
come up release pressure and come off of
it now look at your tip you want your
skinny and up okay and you want to end
circle the very top of that blob that
you just made so we're going to go
around and you use your nail rows to
kind of spin around there you go yes now
we're gonna make three use upside-down
use and you just start and you just go
one two three now this would be
considered I think four cuz I'm too big
but so you're definitely the best Rossum
everybody I'll tell you that I don't
know that it's great but it's the best
I've ever done then people have tried to
teach me this before oh my goodness well
you did a fine job and then to make a
full-blown rose you will go around four
more times so this would be considered a
tight bud put it on top of the brownie
and there you go now when we come back
Ginny is going to show us how to do
weddings with a more vintage classic
sophisticated theme and of course we
have a link to Janine's information on
our website WDRB comm if you go there
you can email her she'll send you a
whole brochure or full of ideas for your
wedding whatever your theme